Doc 1671/archive v1 onboarding docs to preview as reference for v2 gap analysis (#607)
swan-io/docs: docs/preview/new-onboarding/legacy-onboarding/individual/index.mdx

---
title: Individual account onboarding
---

# Individual account onboarding

:::caution Deprecated

> This page documents the v1 onboarding API. It is preserved as a read-only reference. Refer to [account onboarding enhancements](../../index.mdx) for the current v2 API.

Author: ```suggestion
This page documents the legacy onboarding API. It is preserved as a read-only reference. Refer to [account onboarding enhancements](../../index.mdx) for the current v2 API.
```

:::

import IndividualOnboardingDefinition from '../partials/_onboarding-individual.mdx';

> <IndividualOnboardingDefinition />

## Process overview {#overview}

import OnboardingOverview from '../partials/_overview.mdx';

<OnboardingOverview accountType="an individual" />

## Individual onboarding form {#onboarding-form}

Through the individual onboarding form, Swan collects the following information:

1. User's **email address**.
1. User's **country of residence** and **residence address**.
1. Basic details about the **user's employment** and **financial situation**. This information allows Swan to perform two essential tasks:

>     * During onboarding, Swan completes an identity analysis (Know Your Customer, or KYC).

Reviewer: instead of identity analysis - consistency - account verification. 

Also step 4 doesn't flow - same feedback as on the company page.

>     * During onboarding, Swan completes an identity analysis (Know Your Customer, or KYC).

Author: ```suggestion
    * During onboarding, Swan completes an account verification (Know Your Customer, or KYC).
```

|`accountName`|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|
|`acquisitionChannel`|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|
|`email`| <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
|`employmentStatus`| <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
|`language`| <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
|`monthlyIncome`| <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
|`oAuthRedirectParameters`|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|
|`residencyAddress.addressLine1`| <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
|`residencyAddress.addressLine2`|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|
|`residencyAddress.city`| <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
|`residencyAddress.country`| <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
|`residencyAddress.postalCode`| <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
|`residencyAddress.state`|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|<Opt />|
|`taxIdentificationNumber`|<Opt />|<Opt />| <Cnd /> ∗ | <Req /> |<Opt />|<Opt />|

> ∗ *If the `accountCountry` is Germany, the account holder has 90 days to provide their Tax ID Number when opening an account.

Reviewer: Can we add the German term here for tax number - since it only applies for that audience.

Author: Out of scope for this PR, this is a reference archive and the live docs are the right place to apply that improvement. Happy to open a follow-up ticket.

Otherwise, the account will be suspended.*

### Acquisition channel {#acquisition-channel}

Use the optional `acquisitionChannel` field to indicate how the account holder was acquired.

| Value | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `InboundOrganic` | Account holders who signed up directly, such as through your website. |
| `InboundReferral` | Account holders acquired through referrals from existing users or partners. |
| `OutboundSales` | Account holders acquired through direct sales efforts. |
| `OutboundAccountingFirm` | Account holders acquired through accounting firm partnerships. |

Choose the value that best reflects your acquisition channel for each account holder.

> ## User flow diagrams {#diagrams}

Reviewer: Same comment as in company around the figma flows.

Author: Same response as on the company page: Figma URL update needed from the file owner. Out of scope for this PR. I suggest we refrain from using Figma files and instead use audience-friendly formats.

Reviewer: This user diagram is outdated even for V1.

Author: Would you say we need to make another Figma file for inclusion on a page we'll deprecate in a few weeks? If so, the Figma ticket would be the right place to address it: https://linear.app/swan/issue/DOC-1692/replace-figma-user-flow-diagrams-with-docs-as-code-for-onboarding-v2
